c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.Form1.resources
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe.config
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.dll
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.pdb
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.exe
c:\users\horacio\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\IdeaFinalAgosto\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe.config
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.dll
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.pdb
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.exe
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
C:\Users\Horacio\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.FormArchivos.resources
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe.config
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.exe
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.dll
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.pdb
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\bin\Debug\Entidades.dll.config
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.FormArchivos.resources
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.exe
C:\Users\Carlos-PC\Desktop\Programacion\Final-20180802\VistaForm\obj\Debug\VistaForm.pdb
